if it weren't for best of ones you know
we'd be the pest never and we think
we're the best all right it's too cold
to do this interview outside so we have
found a dark alleyway inside of the
building dr. pol Beltre with covers
presented by how many slash about their
game on the first day of weeks six pol
Beltre much like they integrated with
Han sir earlier I'm I'm kind of I have
to ask you know it feels like TL has
been a bit of a slump or a freefall
today you just beat fly quest do you
think it's fair to say that you guys are
experiencing a slump no okay because I
mean you know it's just stress scale
level like we've won some number of
games we've lost a number of games you
know factoring in there's some variance
because the festive ones so you know
maybe we lost the best one to a team
that could have beaten a series maybe
but probably not but yeah I mean it's
just rescue level like we're not perfect
if we're trying to work things out
do you've are you happy with where TL is
right now yeah content yeah there's
still a lot of work to do but it's a
long split it's a long season and the
most improvement happens before playoffs
so yeah I mean so you guys are entering
that phase now we're in week six there's
only three more weeks after this to go
how confident are you that Team Liquid
will be in the place that it needs to be
for playoffs pretty confident and what
is giving you that confidence I'm just
like trust in our practice trust in my
teammates that we're doing the right
things to improve and get better at yeah
how hard did you guys take the golden
Guardians loss oh man that was yeah that
was pretty sad cuz that's what I'm
basing a lot of this off of right coming
off of that loss last week yeah yeah we
I mean we lost a golden Guardians they
were the last-place team but you know
they were they played well that game
skarner was a really strong pick against
us and actually we've seen skarner just
like really shoot up in terms of
priority all across the globe like teams
will just be first picking it or banning
it a lot of the time
so you know everyone on our team is
gonna have a different reaction to that
game but I was like wow it sucks and we
did loose last place team but we don't
like dwell on that and then it's more
like okay well what can we learn from it
because even though the last place team
they did better at us at those things
and fixing that is hell of a lot more
important than dwelling on like oh we
lost to the last place team yeah that's
good I mean do you feel like that that
answer you just gave me feels like a
very mature response like all right you
just learn you move on from it do you
feel like that the team has that overall
is response cuz you guys have all been
playing for a long time so you kind of
have these ups and downs you've probably
weathered the storm is that what allows
you to kind of have that response yeah I
mean fans have a narrow perspective when
it comes to like recent results like
usually the most recent results is what
is ingrained in what they think and also
just like what casters will say and
things like that but yeah I mean people
don't really remember results of the
past that much but I've been around for
a while and I know that like you know
teams can have off weeks they can look
like for like a few weeks and then
as long as they're learning it doesn't
really matter like on CLG and 2015
summer you know what's the thing people
remember when they think of CLG from
that year it's like whoa they you know
swept playoffs they like shat on
everyone three or Madison Square Garden
but actually that game that split it's
like we're kind of shaky during the
regular season
we didn't even finish first in the
regular season we had like a four-game
losing streak right before playoffs
things like that but you know no one
ever remembers that really yeah so it's
just yeah it's just about what you can
take from the games do you think that's
what we're starting to see happen right
now because today we saw echo fox who to
only lost one game before lose we said
cloud nine lose again both those teams
like so solid in the first and second
place TSM seems like they're coming back
or it could be coming back after having
kind of a slump you guys look strong
after the golden Guardians lost you do
you think that we're starting to see a
shift towards the end of the split as a
lot of the expectations and things get
up uprooted mm maybe we'll see you in
playoffs best of ones you're kind of
just like a sample you know like you can
see how good a team is but you know you
can't take our loss against golden car
and you like alright golden Guardians is
here Team Liquid is here and TSM is here
because Team Liquid beat TSM you can't
really do that yeah I mean as long as it
is to say it's like you don't really
know what team is gonna be better until
it actually happens in playoffs and then
you know if one team like 3s another
team it's like oh yeah I guess that team
is better than that team does that rule
apply to CLG who I think is potentially
looking like they might not make
playoffs uh CLG seems okay from what
I've seen you know playing against them
and screams on stage if you what place
are they they only have three wins right
now right so they're three and seven now
I've definitely towards the bottom
league yeah that doesn't sound good but
they're okay and then they're like a
team that heats up during playoffs like
teams that are really experienced and
have played for a while together will
usually like do better during playoffs I
don't know why but I mean if they make
playoffs as a problem yeah if they make
playoffs
who knows maybe they'll make it maybe
they vote best of ones okay you keep
referencing the best of ones which makes
me feel like you really don't like best
of ones I know I don't really like this
do one soon I'm not like trying to blame
it like saying best ones are so crappy
if it weren't for best of ones you know
we'd be the best never and would think
we're the best but it's very wholly
unsatisfying to lose the best of one
because it's all like okay well these
are the things we messed up on we can't
even like apply these for next game the
next time we meet this team the game is
going to be totally different you know
it's not like I don't know it just feels
so sad to like lose the best of one
because you have no there's no hope for
redemption and then people will just
take that result and then that's what
that's what everyone gets to see and
that's what everyone will kind of like
make their beliefs and thoughts about
you did say at the start of this
interview that you don't dwell on those
losses and everything's fine so it
sounds I mean I'm not saying it's a very
different situation but you know in a
best-of one you don't have any
redemption but you're saying you don't
dwell on it
yep what do you think of the mid lane
changes
just hit actually haven't been able to
play much so lucky lately because we've
been practicing a lot as a team so I've
been able to play as much solo queue as
I've liked but it seems like overall mid
laners increased in strength and then
like I said I haven't tested too much
but our Archangel is giving 20% CDR now
so it's like oh very I know that item
just seems dopey it's gonna be
like the new Marilla nomicon for midlane
except probably even stronger yeah and
not sure it definitely need to do some
experimentation but we might see a lot
of new champions starting to come out of
the Woodworks for example ap kind of got
increased a lot like raw AP and then the
viability of going like Murillo's into
liandry's which was like d build for a
long time decreased so we might see more
like squishier mids being played like
squishy long range mids that will scale
really well with AP for example xerath
can probably go our change rolls into a
victor who's a champion you're known for
a victor victor is actually untouched
overall by these changes because he
never really built any of the items
anyways like that all got changed and
reworked and looking at the new ones it
doesn't seem like there's gonna be
anything good for him so I guess it'll
just be like Victor's pretty much the
same but in terms of how all the other
meds changed in relationship in relation
to him is going to be the decider I
thought he was kind of like decent like
he's really bad if you go even or worse
but if you're like slightly winning or
better I think he's an hour I pick yeah
thinking about it Victor's just not in a
great spot I would like to play him
personally but he's you know you seem
like your pocket pick for a while yeah I
think there's well who knows it's gonna
be a whole new meta but probably in the
end it's still gonna be like here here
all the really good mids and then here's
victories like kind of here after
everyone else yeah so anything you would
say to any of the fans out there know
and check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel
have you noticed that I'm not the one
doing the interviews anymore and instead
you're stuck with Travis sucks right so
you know don't subscribe don't follow
but do drop a mean and nasty comment by
Omni slash